that's e72 again available july eleventh
you tell us okay we're here today with
anurag of nokia he's the manager of
product management for nokia Kennedy's
gonna tell us a little bit about the e72
this will be launching on July 11 from
telus so this is a device which is
indicated for small/medium business of
even part of people in work and have a
qwerty keypad and then what they want to
have access to be connected all the time
so you can have access to your business
email post an email all to your social
networks like Facebook or even say
messages you can how you always
connected to networks like yahoo
messenger msn messenger on google talk
okay great and it's got the Nokia Maps
in there as well young navigation yeah
so on top of that we also have it has a
GPS so it has where we turn by turn
direction matched land on it for both
the pedestrian navigation as well as
drive navigation which is for flea will
give advice so none of that it also has
actually that keep each other people
want to segregate their business life in
person I'm so there is a switch modes in
the last option here you click on it
then it changes the mode to a different
ones you can configure the personal mode
and office mode so that if you are from
the weekend or in the main things you
can have access to your personal email
stuff that you don't want it look at it
the day you get back this is a neat
feature to have so what is the major
difference between the SNHU to the e71
so the video differences is improved
battery time there's a 5-megapixel
candle okay then on top of that it also
has higher data speeds it has 10.2
megabytes per second downlink and two
megabytes it's actually HSPA device
since us and then we also have improved
mail experience for your personal email
as well as for the business email it's a
common client so which can hell are you
to access both personal and business
unit and it also allows HTML as a
possible reason is alive this is our set
up a chance' yeah but it will hardware
that's great yeah it's a bigger smaller
than is anyone it's actually to the
woods in columns what is smaller yeah
close 371 size-wise you okay that plus
it has the optical zoom it's alright
people have been asking for sure and
then it has keys here to the like your
head emails that do you reckon under
right from here another aspect of this
one a Billy 71 is the calendar has been
announced big time any 71 you couldn't
like hail you can accept the invitation
that he can have been powered vehicle it
will invite another thing is that if you
get a cleaner in white with a address in
here you can go to that address right
from the calendar or from your contacts
directly integrated with the match plan
this is a deprecatory huh and it's then
of course that other one which a check
talked about was though we still play
yep so here we have this planned way
then users can download
the applicants of the content and then
it also has a billing integration
botellas so if anyone wants to buy the
application and they get whatever they
catch is that will be included in the
phone bill so they don't need to use a
credit card earth which is B Square it
also has a application for scattered
application so you can scan the business
card which you have so it will import
all that information through the camera
if you put into the context so don't
need to input a motion it's done very
well for nokia yep this this device
perfect thank you so much